# TheBrokenHeartsFinal
Hey! Thanks for checking out my game, I hope you like it! It definitely has a lot of the same vibes as THe Broken Hero (obv bc I used that as a shell), but I really wanted to make this game feel more fleshed out and work on creating different stages, such as a title screen, 'you lose" screen, and a "you win" screen. I also added some more sound effects, some enemies that move, and I finally made the game responsive to the website canvas size! (idk why that was such a headache to do but hey we got it). The collisions are still kinda wonky with the boxes and the hearts, but honesly I actually liked that aspect cause it made it feel different from other platformer games at least.

I also fixed the gravity!! I took advantage of the broken physics last project, but I really wanted to figure it out so I'm really glad it works properly now. Overall, I really had fun writing in JavaScript and learning a little bit about P5.js. I've never made a video game before, but I always wanted to learn, and I'm very happy to discover I think I found a new hobby. I think I understand JavaScript better than HTML and CSS funny enough, and I really loved figuring out different ways to make things work, and trying to problem solve step by step when something breaks.

Obviously, huge shoutout to ChatGPT for helping me cross some barriers when I was out of ideas and helping proofread my broken code so it would at least work. Guthub Copilot was also pretty crazy; it helped write the tedious code for me really quickly and when there was some code I didn't understand, Copilot could add comments about what each line does which definitely streamlined the process and helped me better understand what I was writing and why. Additionally, through using AI to write code, the game is always just a liiiiitle but funky and broken (hence the name of the games), which I really like running into when I play.

It was pretty difficult trying to learn how to create even a playform game without any experience, but it was a ton of fun and I definitely want to keep working on this game/transformining it into something new.

NOTE: I was having issues running the website from my computer when it was hosted on Github Pages and I was using Chrome, but it worked great locally and it worked when I visited the website on my laptop or using Microsoft edge. Let me know if you run into any problems, or if anything needs to be changed please!
